readme.md, before:

# API DOCUMENTATION

## ip:port/api/monsters/ - 
- get-tms [GET] -   
Gets all trashmunchers and associated data from db. Responds with serialized trashmunchers.

- get-tm [POST] -  
 Gets specific trashmuncher by id (`TM_ID`). Responds with serialized trashmuncher   
<b>Example request: `{"TM_ID":0}`</b>

- add-tm [POST] -  
 Adds trashmuncher to database. Id and Scores are auto-initialized. Responds with serialized trashmuncher that was just added.  
<b>Example request: `{"Longitude":12.3456, "Latitude":5.6789}`</b>

- calculate-distance [POST] -  
 Calculates the distance between trashmuncher specified and origin location. Responds with distance in meters.  
<b>Example request: `{"TM_ID":0, "o-lat": 12.3466, "o-long": 5.6789}`</b>

- calculate-distance [POST] -  
 Calculates the distance between trashmuncher specified and origin location and returns if it's within valid range. Responds with True or False.  
<b>Example request: `{"TM_ID":0, "o-lat": 12.3466, "o-long": 5.6789}`</b>

- change-score [POST] -  
Changes the scores for trashmuncher specified. If a score is not presented, it doesn"t change that score. Responds with the trashmuncher that was just edited.  
<b>Example request: `{"TM_ID":0, "T1Score":1, "T2Score":2, "T3Score":4}`</b>

- add-score [POST] -  
Adds scores for trashmunchers specified. If a score is not presented, it doesn"t increment that score. Responds with the trashmuncher that was just edited.  
<b>Example request: `{"TM_ID":0, "T1Score":1, "T2Score":1, "T3Score":0}`</b>

- remove-score [POST] -  
Removes scores for trashmunchers specified. If a score is not presented, it doesn"t decrease that score. Responds with the trashmuncher that was just edited.  
<b>Example request: `{"TM_ID":0, "T1Score":1, "T2Score":1, "T3Score":0}`</b>

- get-leader [POST] - 
Gets the team with the leading number of scores. Responds with team number.  
<b>Example request: `{"TM_ID":0}`</b>

---

## ip:port/api/images/ - 
- submit-image [POST] -   
Add an image to a database. IDs are auto-incremented. Responds with a serialized image containing the ID and a link to the image just added
<b>Example request: `{"id":5, "image":"http://localhost/media/images/example.jpg"}`</b>
- list-images [GET] -  
 Gets all images from the database. Responds with serialized list of images, containing their IDs and the links to them  
<b>Example request: `[{"id":5, "image":"http://localhost/media/images/example.jpg"}, {"id":6, "image":"http://localhost/media/images/example2.jpg"}]`</b>

- delete-images [POST] -  
Removes an image from the database with a specified ID. Responds with serialized message either stating the image has successfully been deleted (200), or the image couldn't be found (404).  
<b>Example request: `{"id":4}`</b>

---

## ip:port/api/users/ - 
- me [GET] -  
Gets the current user's information. Responds with their information serialized.
<b>Example request: `{"username":"tortoise_hugger", "first_name":"David", "last_name":"Smith", "Team":"Green"}`</b>

- player-register [POST] -  
Allows a person to register as a player. Responds with the information that they inputted serialized. Prevents input fields from being empty and requires a strong password. 
<b>Example request: `{"username":"OnionRings101", "first_name":"Souff", "last_name":"Lé", "Team":"Red"}`</b>

- gamekeeper-register [GET] -  
Allows a person to register as a gamekeeper. Responds with the information that they inputted serialized. Prevents input fields from being empty and requires a strong password. 
<b>Example request: `{"id":22, username":"GKeeper", "first_name":"Alban", "last_name":"Lafont"}`</b>

- login [POST] -  
Allows the user to login. Responds with the information that they inputted serialized. Prevents input fields from being empty. 

- logout [GET] -  
Allows a user to logout. Returns a HTTP response confirming to the user that they have been logged out

Commit message:

Added and created readmes that contain the file structure for every directory
Reformatted some readmes to ensure that the file structure is highlighted. Still need to define what they all do properly though.

readme.md, after:

# Trash-Muncher-Webapp

## File structure
.
├── github                  # Used to update backend host link 
├── design_documents        # Markdowns containing information about game and technical design choices
├── src                     # Source files 
├── trashmunchers           # Contains cache files 
├── .gitignore              # Prevents certain files from being pushed to the repository
├── Dockerfile              # Used to install the latest dependencies upon deployment 
├── Pipfile                 # Contains all project dependecies required for the application to be built 
├── Pipfile.lock            # Declares all project dependecies, their latest available versions and the hashes for those files
├── READMEFORDEVS.txt       # Information for development team on how to maintain program
├── docker-compose.yml      # Used to run the Django server through Docker 
├── readme.md               
├── requirements.txt        # List of dependencies used for deployment 
└── run-docker.sh           # Shell script to run the Docker server

### License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

---

## API DOCUMENTATION

### ip:port/api/monsters/ - 
- get-tms [GET] -   
Gets all trashmunchers and associated data from db. Responds with serialized trashmunchers.

- get-tm [POST] -  
 Gets specific trashmuncher by id (`TM_ID`). Responds with serialized trashmuncher   
<b>Example request: `{"TM_ID":0}`</b>

- add-tm [POST] -  
 Adds trashmuncher to database. Id and Scores are auto-initialized. Responds with serialized trashmuncher that was just added.  
<b>Example request: `{"Longitude":12.3456, "Latitude":5.6789}`</b>

- calculate-distance [POST] -  
 Calculates the distance between trashmuncher specified and origin location. Responds with distance in meters.  
<b>Example request: `{"TM_ID":0, "o-lat": 12.3466, "o-long": 5.6789}`</b>

- calculate-distance [POST] -  
 Calculates the distance between trashmuncher specified and origin location and returns if it's within valid range. Responds with True or False.  
<b>Example request: `{"TM_ID":0, "o-lat": 12.3466, "o-long": 5.6789}`</b>

- change-score [POST] -  
Changes the scores for trashmuncher specified. If a score is not presented, it doesn"t change that score. Responds with the trashmuncher that was just edited.  
<b>Example request: `{"TM_ID":0, "T1Score":1, "T2Score":2, "T3Score":4}`</b>

- add-score [POST] -  
Adds scores for trashmunchers specified. If a score is not presented, it doesn"t increment that score. Responds with the trashmuncher that was just edited.  
<b>Example request: `{"TM_ID":0, "T1Score":1, "T2Score":1, "T3Score":0}`</b>

- remove-score [POST] -  
Removes scores for trashmunchers specified. If a score is not presented, it doesn"t decrease that score. Responds with the trashmuncher that was just edited.  
<b>Example request: `{"TM_ID":0, "T1Score":1, "T2Score":1, "T3Score":0}`</b>

- get-leader [POST] - 
Gets the team with the leading number of scores. Responds with team number.  
<b>Example request: `{"TM_ID":0}`</b>

---

### ip:port/api/images/ - 
- submit-image [POST] -   
Add an image to a database. IDs are auto-incremented. Responds with a serialized image containing the ID and a link to the image just added
<b>Example request: `{"id":5, "image":"http://localhost/media/images/example.jpg"}`</b>
- list-images [GET] -  
 Gets all images from the database. Responds with serialized list of images, containing their IDs and the links to them  
<b>Example request: `[{"id":5, "image":"http://localhost/media/images/example.jpg"}, {"id":6, "image":"http://localhost/media/images/example2.jpg"}]`</b>

- delete-images [POST] -  
Removes an image from the database with a specified ID. Responds with serialized message either stating the image has successfully been deleted (200), or the image couldn't be found (404).  
<b>Example request: `{"id":4}`</b>

---

### ip:port/api/users/ - 
- me [GET] -  
Gets the current user's information. Responds with their information serialized.
<b>Example request: `{"username":"tortoise_hugger", "first_name":"David", "last_name":"Smith", "Team":"Green"}`</b>

- player-register [POST] -  
Allows a person to register as a player. Responds with the information that they inputted serialized. Prevents input fields from being empty and requires a strong password. 
<b>Example request: `{"username":"OnionRings101", "first_name":"Souff", "last_name":"Lé", "Team":"Red"}`</b>

- gamekeeper-register [GET] -  
Allows a person to register as a gamekeeper. Responds with the information that they inputted serialized. Prevents input fields from being empty and requires a strong password. 
<b>Example request: `{"id":22, username":"GKeeper", "first_name":"Alban", "last_name":"Lafont"}`</b>

- login [POST] -  
Allows the user to login. Responds with the information that they inputted serialized. Prevents input fields from being empty. 

- logout [GET] -  
Allows a user to logout. Returns a HTTP response confirming to the user that they have been logged out
